INTERMEDIATE LEVEL
1. What are the different modes when using VI editor?
2. Which command is used to create multiple directories simultaneously?
3. What is LILO?
4. Howcd~,cd/andcd-aredifferentfromeachother?
5. What is a grep command?
6. IfweareinthedirectoryXandwearerunningrmdirXbeinginthat
directory X. Will this command successfully remove the directory or not?
7. What are the contents of /usr/local?
8. Whichcommandisusedtodisplaythecurrentusername?
9. Whatcommandisusedtochangeyourpassword?
10. How to find the difference in two configuration files?
11. How to find where a file is located in Linux?
12. Which command shows the users that are logged in?
13. How to forcefully stop a process which is running in the background?
14. Which command is used to list the name of files starting from any
particular alphabet or string?
15. How to move multiple files of the same extension to a different directory?
    
 16. What command would you use to check how much memory is being used ?
17. Which command is used to display the list of content in reverse order?
18. What command is used to show how long it's been since the server was
rebooted?
19. What command is used to change the ownership of a file?
  ADVANCED LEVEL
Version1.0
  1. How to see the list of mounted devices on a Linux system?
2. How to check disk usage in terms of kilobytes(K), megabytes(M) and
gigabytes(G)?
3. What is Swap Space?What is a typical size for a swap partition in Linux?
4. HowwouldyouscheduleataskinLinux?
5. How these commands would be working try and explain (files contain
“hello” word) :
● grep -v -i hello file1.txt
● grep -i hello file2.txt
● grep -A 2 hello file2.txt
● grep -C 4 hello file1.txt
● grep -B 3 hello file1.txt
● ps -ef | more
● awk '{print $2,$5;}' employee.txt
6. Whatistheexportcommandusedfor?(GiveExample)
7. Explain the redirection operator?
8. Whichcommandisusedtoreviewbootmessages?

9.
10.
11. 12. 13.
Whichcommandisusedtochangethepermissionsofafile?Explainits usage?
Which command would you use to create a file system on a new hard drive?
How to compress files in Linux?
Which file is used to automatically mount file systems on boot? Find out the purpose of each of the following commands:
● shutdown ● diff
● sort
● ps
● kill
● mount ● nano
What are symbolic links?How do you create one using command?
Howwouldyoucopyafileoradirectoryfromyoursystemtoanother system on the same network?